[Music]
welcome back to let's play alley or
ferris my name is carsten
i think we need to do something about
our lp being low and we should probably
craft a few things as well to work on
our alchemy level
and you are standing back here what do
you have to say leah fury
are you hungry are you hurt anywhere are
you okay
oh okay so that's how we can
put people in and out of our party once
we have enough to do that
what should i make still need to get
some more tona crystals
crumbly could stand to make another bomb
what material
[Music]
let's see can we
where's sort oh there we go sort by
quality
let's do that
[Music]
and i guess we'll do that one and that
one
that's quality 100 i'm hesitant to use
that though
we will use one of these ones that is
red though
maybe that one because it's another plus
35.
[Music]
okay now the question is how will we be
able to make it with all these
no
if we do we have anything else that will
let us that will but it's purple
any of these any different shape no
well i guess we'll have to go without
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe we can do sides i don't know that
that's gonna do anything useful but
why not
since i don't see a way
for us to get the uh
the quality one with what we have
is this the best way we do have inflix
burns and smoking and fire damage large
ah one almost at the next alchemy level
let's make another no doc and then
making our tone of salve
[Music]
i think we'll just go for quality here
[Applause]
since we're going to be putting it in
something else
but not that hundred one that's a little
overkill do that one
wait these are pretty good quality
catalyst which catalyst yeah what's that
gonna do size plus two and trait
transfer not worried about those
materials
and that one's there
let's put that one there
[Music]
right there no we're not going to be
able to get all the way over there but
[Music]
no no way we'd be able to make it but we
could get kind of close
sure that's good pretty good
i'm pretty good at making this now oh
now we got c lot trade transfer plus one
horizontal flip and use count plus one
oh
so when we're making that it's the
flipping and
probably rotating comes by leveling up
individual item recipes
not by getting better cauldrons
interesting
okay let's go ahead and make that
autonomous solve
what was the quality on that 74 okay
[Music]
all right and i think blue but we got
some red
[Music]
i'm kind of tempted to use these but
alstead enhance mp enhance those are
too good to waste on something like this
i think
we'll just do that
maybe throw in another purple to do
something with that maybe
[Music]
sure is this okay
not sure what inconspicuous does
oh it's a component thing so
instead of that let's use that
that gets mp recovery as well
[Applause]
and that's blue
that one is green
[Music]
now we won't be able to get it up there
so
[Music]
though maybe if we hmm
we don't want to reset everything uh
let's see
yeah we'll just go ahead and use this
i'm sure we'll get more of those later
okay okay well we definitely want to get
quality
[Music]
and
let's see what are we gonna actually
let's start with this
now we'll do that second
let me put this here
and that i don't know how much the order
matters on these
yeah i don't think we're gonna be able
to hit both of these not that it really
matters
actually let's
put that one down here
yeah i don't know that the order really
matters as much but i see that
r on the right change color each time i
put something
[Music]
the best down yeah i don't know that
that really how much of a difference
that makes but we'll go with that
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so let's go ahead and
put that in our item equipment here
the other bomb the uni bag and the
artana salve
because some of these will probably be
give uh recipe ideas as we use them
how am i doing on lp up to 88 all right
that's good enough
so
okay so i need to give him er tonight
okay
i need five of them
oh okay
does that count as one use or multiples
okay that is just one use okay we'll use
the other bomb there
[Music]
let's take the poonie out here
i think i'll just hit the rock
[Music]
i thought of a new item all right
what can i get
i want to see if i can get okay i got
another one of those i think i can make
that other recipe now
what about the only bag does that work
oh it does i'll use that
he wants five of those things i haven't
found five of those things
are there more of those crystals down
here there's a ghost those things are
annoying to fight
does the map connect over here
um looks like it does down further here
[Music]
but i want more of those materials
there's another campsite there
[Music]
maybe i should take a little break yeah
we will in a sec i want to go
over to those crystals there
[Music]
see what's over here i haven't been down
here yet
such thick clouds first we should hurry
up
[Music]
what's over here
graceland's breath
defeat five defeat the five horned
rabbits there's four horn rabbits it
says
okay
[Music]
no we want to go to no not the mining
bomb
boonie bag
[Music]
that's not what i was looking for
again not what i'm hoping for but
i'm sure they'll come in handy
51. maybe a little tired
but i should be able to take out a horn
rabbit
okay let's do our best
neutralizes the status effects you might
as well do that
these things are only level three is
that what i read
oh yeah easy decent hunting practice i
guess
i'll take this
okay after you i will go ahead and
take care of the
[Music]
resting up a bit
i wasn't paying attention to whose turn
it was oh well
chain burst road startup okay
are you hurt no whatever that was
didn't really seem to do a whole lot but
okay
these guys are easy i should be able to
take on
it said what three or four or five
however many it was
[Music]
that's one down now there's the pony
go ahead and block
[Music]
i'm getting a little low on lp but
should be able to handle
another rabbit and do whatever that is
wait no no no no no
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
getting surrounded other stuff around me
is worrying me
okay got that done where was there's the
campfire
flowers blooming
this definitely plays very differently
than the other ones
first are you okay you look a little
tired yeah i'll be fine if i rest a
little
really don't push yourself too much okay
if your lp reaches zero you can't
continue exploring the first time
lp hits zero you'll rest a little
regaining some lp in exchange for time
if you're all behind zero again before
returning to your atlear you'll faint
and be forcibly returned
don't push yourself when your lp is low
head straight to the nearest campfire
oh come on it was still above 40.
i can make a new item now all right
so i can make should be able to make
i don't have an ink but i do have metal
now so once i can make ingots i should
be able to make that oh
and my alchemy levels too low but i can
make
what would be this lights darkness
let's see
nothing here will be yellow
so i don't think it's worth
doing a whole lot there
[Music]
as far as worrying about that now what
do we have here that would fit
i guess one of these
see that one's going to be the trickiest
to fit
okay we got this
[Music]
all right explorer's lantern
okay it lights up perfectly now it'll be
easy to see in dark places
equipping the exploration lantern
brightens up dark caves in other areas
simply equipping it has an effect so
don't forget
to put it on before exploring caves
i need to hold it myself so leah doesn't
use it to scare me at night
[Music]
alright so if we go to
not item equipment would it be battle
equipment
explorer here we go
so we don't have specific slots like
some of the earlier games we do have
five
general exploration item slots
[Music]
what else can we make that we haven't
made yet
mercury levels too low for that
[Music]
too low for that i hate just grinding
out alchemy levels
but i guess we may as well it's probably
better than just sleeping to pass the
time
let's make another one of these
and these are identical
sure okay
actually oh yeah as well
[Music]
it's looking good okay is this the best
way
no it's not uh we will put
that there
that there not that it's actually going
to boost it up enough to do anything oh
well
[Music]
i guess it's good enough yeah i got
enough for blowing up some of those
rocks which is the main point
of getting that can't do that yet
uh i guess i may as well make that needs
or water that needs plant and water
[Music]
let's see oh six what do i have that's
[Applause]
that is the highest level thing but i
hate to waste it on
all right let's just go ahead and make
one of these
[Music]
uh
yeah sure
[Music]
hmm this goes here
[Applause]
this goes here how am i going to do that
[Music]
we have to put something else there put
a ton or maybe one of these
[Music]
we'll use that one
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so that there it's on there now we
can get that quality up
[Music]
pretty good
okay oh that helps the other size or
maybe i should
make a neutralizer r and i bet that'll
make it so that i get experience on all
those when i make them
just go ahead and get that done a couple
of these
and i should get more water
[Music]
no let's see that one have to go there
[Applause]
how am i gonna get both of those in
there
i don't think i'm gonna be able to get
the quality up
unless no that wouldn't work this goes
here
i don't think i can get the quality up
on this one
i wonder if i can get the size up
material
yeah i can get the size up that's easy
[Music]
and it does increase my level on all the
neutralizers so that's good to know
i'm gonna be level seven next is
seventeen
[Music]
maybe i should make another bomb maybe
i'll get my level up there
um
[Music]
and we'll do that okay let's start
this goes here this goes here
which catalyst now if we do any of those
have
useful yeah that one does
[Music]
now these have reasonable quality
too they're all useless colors for what
i'm doing
wait that was the bad one to choose
[Music]
[Applause]
uh i guess we'll use that one
that's fire damage medium doesn't quite
get the other one
but that's okay
[Music]
that only got me 2xp though i'm close to
coming up with an idea
recipe has updated all right
[Music]
i got a lot more synthesis
more plants gathering basically just
gather a bunch of stuff
break a bunch of rocks
[Music]
[Applause]
okay well let's go uh break some
rocks first of all let's go into item
equipment
put these here i'm gonna use those
uni things for exploding stuff is a very
rugged place
we should take frequent breaks
explode
here's another one of those things that
i need for that small woods okay
check how little forest is doing in
three days
okay anthony actually uses a lot of
plants
i'll take this
not sure what's going on there but i
guess we check back with it later
now if we look at the recipe hints
recipe ideas box broken four
such flowy sand i wonder if i have to
break it with
my uh
with my staff
[Music]
okay
i
let's guess does this change the number
if i look at it
after this so
if i look in here at the recipe ideas
it says rock's broken 4x
[Music]
also learn it by fulfilling interesting
okay
so i can spend points or
fulfill conditions
what's the map look like let's go south
look for more rocks to break
[Music]
there's the small woods that i'll check
back with later
there's another campfire over there
[Music]
and an area in here south cave
there are caves you can enter various
lands caves are darkness the mini-map is
hidden exploring them is difficult
however you might find materials that
can't be found outside or encounter
unusual monsters when you find a cave
out in the field you should try a ring
be very careful about your footing well
i do the lantern so that should help in
theory
yeah those are boring
i'll take this
[Music]
[Applause]
corn rabbits same thing that we've found
before
not particularly strong
got a level out of it at least
[Music]
i'll take this i don't like that the
mini map is hidden oh those are new
wow a gem it's so shiny and mesmerizing
now what's that thing
can't do you can't even look at that
thing gathered it
okay came up with a new recipe for
something
[Music]
can't even look at what those need now
where is the exit
[Music]
there is an exit around here right
those look familiar what are those
things
but i'm still fine okay a new area down
here
[Music]
anything special there's a chest
come to me
okay now how do i get out
i guess i just have to follow the path
back
we could gather water there
now can i go ahead and equip that
actually what is that
what are these things that i found
golden rock
travelers clothes and defense enhance
does increase both attack and defense
we'll go ahead and
give it give it to ferris here
[Music]
so maybe she can do more than one damage
against stuff
and we've been recording about half an
hour we explored some new areas
figured out a few things and there's a
campfire right here so next time i think
we will continue to head
east
[Music]
now let's see check quest
five or tonight so if i have five uh
nights i can go to him
defeat three turtles oh we need to go
report back to her
okay so we will report back to
okay i can i can teleport to small woods
okay so let's report back
to her and finish up that quest just get
it all done
where is she where is she
there she is no
[Music]
oh she's not here at night
okay well we will talk to her in the day
for right now we'll probably go ahead
and just end the episode
[Music]
now i can make an ingot all right so
we'll be able to make that next time
[Applause]
got more idea points
so i hope you enjoyed thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time we'll make
an ingot and assuming we have a good
enough level
and uh we'll talk to what's your name
and finish up that other quest
see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
ferris my name is karsten
as was noted in a comment on one of my
previous videos
the uh it does skip occasionally
uh there's occasionally a little brief
glitch out sometimes it's noticeable
enough to be missing a word
uh i am aware of that unfortunately
there's not a lot i can do about it on
my current
system setup it's mostly because my
capture system is about eight years old
i have ordered finally saved up enough
and i've ordered a new system which
should be much better and hopefully it
doesn't cut out like that
but it's gonna be another week or two
before i have i receive it and then get
it all set up make sure it's all working
and can do capture on it
until then sorry but uh it is
known and pain worked on and hopefully
fixed soon-ish i just noticed her shoes
her shoes are kind of interesting
and not the kind of thing that's
necessarily suited to walking around
outdoors in the desert
but in any case let's take a look since
our lp is low let's maybe do some
alchemy
welcoming level seven
and make some more unibags i think that
would be best
[Applause]
all right let's uh just use a couple of
these i don't think it matters too much
what we pick for it
[Music]
since we're mostly going to be using
this for breaking rocks
[Music]
yeah it's good enough for what we're
using it for
now that brought our lp from 45 to 57
general catalyst all right let's try
making a general catalyst
uh let's see if we can make a general
catalyst that's level five we can do
that
so let's see
okay we'll use one of these
[Music]
[Applause]
and one of these
[Music]
[Applause]
and i guess one of these
[Music]
i think this one will do
okay let's start i'll put this here
and that one there and that one there
all right it's going well
is this the best way yeah it's good
enough for right now
[Music]
it's pretty good no colors
[Applause]
[Music]
that opening component plus 10 tape
transfer plus one okay but for right now
we'll do it without
and do that again
and let's let's see
it's still too low for that though we
will be able to make it with one more
level
um i've made cloth made that don't need
that again um
let's make another bomb we're almost
level enough for bomb
uh
[Music]
see any of these help no
just use that one
[Applause]
yeah that's fine and for here we want
boy those are interesting shapes
let's pick that one
[Music]
all right um over here
and this one over here yeah this looks
good
is this okay okay fire damage medium and
flex burns and smoking
[Music]
smoking
and we have a level of bombs
[Music]
we can do vertical flips when making
bombs and we get more use counts out of
them
and we level up our alchemy now let's
make a ingot
what material should i use what do we
have a lot of
are we some of these
there's one of these and
one of those one of those
[Music]
that wouldn't affect level plus two red
okay we'll do it out for right now still
oh
[Music]
no these are blue or green and it wants
blue or green oh well
not a huge loss for right now
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah this looks good we got the
increased quality and that's the main
thing that i really worry about right at
the moment
[Music]
got some ingots
now we have something that needed ingots
didn't we ah but it's still level 10
so we can't do it yet
now how's our lp doing lp's a hundred oh
we got a new item
now that pickaxe what does that pickaxe
need
that needs another alchemy level and
wood but for right now
let's go outside i'm gonna check what
time of day it is oh it is daytime
so we can go talk to where is she
there she is my
oh you want to get rid of those turtles
thanks now we can go draw water from the
oasis
never mind the turtle right there
right quests we want
this key there we go been playing
horizon zero dawn some of the buttons
are
just close enough to be confusing
let's see
let's go ahead and head towards uh
reisenberg i think
has it been three days
special nutrients
now we need to check with the traveling
merchant do i have my spirit phones or
five for tonight's
assist merchants and returning a favor
um
[Music]
i'm not sure if we have enough of those
but let's go down there anyway
no we won't go back up there but let's
go back to him
[Applause]
[Music]
not that we want to do
oh i forgot to put the unis in the bag
oh well some more
might be more easier
that's okay we can just still use this
kuni got me oh well
yeah it's just one blue i don't think
i'm too worried
decent hunting practice i guess oh and
she got a level out of it
stronger i'm not gonna complain
oh i do have fiverr tonight's is this
okay
yes
got uh some stuff
milk and some idea points
let's go off in this direction here
what is that glowing thing is that a
chest or something
[Music]
is it is this
okay
[Music]
let's blow this up
all right what recipe hands did we get
here
[Music]
made three uni bags and we get that
okay
try using more bombs or breaking more
rocks
more gathered plants
and look for soy nuts all right well
we'll keep
looking for stuff and keep an eye out
for plants
such flowy sand i need to make sure it
doesn't blow away in the wind
[Music]
now we need to go
south from
[Music]
no here to resist you can't eat this
even if you're hungry let's get some
water i think we were low on water
weren't we
i'm kind of thirsty i wonder if it's
okay to drink this
i'll take this
company actually uses a lot of plants
yes it does
keep an eye out for more plants as we
continue to head for
uh rosenberg have you been up there
before i think this just connects
up to
yeah we'll just fill in the rest of this
last little gap in the map
maybe keep an eye out for some more
things worth gathering i don't want to
spend a whole lot on that right now
i'd actually like to see if i can get a
little bit further into the plot
maybe get to the town i see a person
[Music]
that was close but i'm a lot of medicine
now i wonder if i can make it to the
next town safely
alchemist i'm at the other day sony
sophie herman doesn't work exceptionally
well
oh you're an alchemist too then would
you mind making me some no doc
you don't possess an item to hand over
okay
why is hers better what do i need to do
quest book
bring no doc with the effect of hp
recovery m
okay so i need
i need to make better no doc okay we'll
come back to that one
got that area mostly explored
[Music]
there's a glowy
that's just cotton cell we can use that
this looks like a new air favi hills
[Music]
wow it's amazing i've never seen a view
like this
that's right i was moved the first time
i saw it too
it's such a stark change from around
town
[Music]
yeah it really is amazing but the
world's even bigger than this
there are more pretty places in
mysterious places i'm sure there are
places like that around the world
yeah i'm sure there are probably places
we can't even imagine exist
you're right the world outside really is
exciting
i want to see more of it i want to go
around and see lots of different places
i don't see a problem with that i think
it's a wonderful idea
yeah i'm really looking forward to it
you can now view the world map would you
like to see the tutorial for it
sure i'm sure it's pretty much the same
as previous but yeah
world map can be opened by pressing that
with the area map
open also pressing triangle in front of
various signposts in the world will open
world map
world map shows fear's current location
as well as all the areas she had visited
so far
major towns like rosenberg are also
shown on the world map from the start
you should check the world map once in a
while and make your way towards
rosenberg to take the exam
okay
earn the scale blue sky girl and what
does that do
increases attack defense and speed by 30
when the weather is clear
okay now let's take a look
okay so it doesn't look like we get to
do travel between
and maybe we can eventually but it looks
like right now
our goal is to head east we can't zoom
out yet
let's see rosenberg is down there
so let's head east looks like there's a
settlement over there
and then flish heim
and then i guess we need a boat or
something
[Music]
all right let's uh let's go
in the general direction of eastward
there's someone over there though
let's grab this material
oh a new thingy and let's talk to you
and see what these things are
i'm starving
[Music]
a lot of a new ite
i bet you want some kind of bread or
something
you got any red wheat bread could you
mind sharing some teach how to make
hey huh you don't care come on please
[Music]
all right well i suspect
that these things that look like
gathering wheat are what we need to make
that bread
[Music]
i thought of a new item
another new recipe oh and we got some of
those nuts
i'll take this
let's look for more of this beneath
trees i wonder
if i can hit this tree does it yeah no
looking for more of that wheat there's
some so i'll grab this
honey all right
bamboo of some kind
i feel like i'll come up with something
i thought of a new item
just getting all these new items and
ideas
oh there's more of those nuts where was
the
there we go
some more of that wheat
i've restocked on wares that ran out
please buy them
a shop what will you buy let's see
sweet shoots milk leafy lettuce ton of
wood
red wheat bread when the staff says it's
a bargain
[Music]
little slasher says it's a bargain bone
mail
[Music]
um yeah let's get these does this
thanks again
did i not do that by the wrong thing no
i just didn't update it
okay metal slasher that she used a bow
maybe she can use either
multi-attack and lightning speed sound
good
does this look okay thanks again
[Music]
now what do those can i see what those
traits
do no
well i can only afford this one anyway
thanks again
please so if we go back in
but we'll equip stuff in the atlear
since we need to go here anyway
oh wow the outside looks like a tent but
the inside is a regular house
it's like a fairy tale a desk a bed a
bookshelf and a big cauldron
wait a cauldron why is there a cauldron
in the room
um
sorry please don't need me i had no idea
this was a witch's house
i'm sorry for drinking without
permission so please don't cook me in
that cauldron
no you're misunderstanding i'm not a
witch i am an alchemist an alchemist
isn't that like
someone who makes medicine and stuff
yeah that's an alchemist
oh thank goodness you're not a witch
that's true you look too cute to be a
witch
i came across this odd-shaped tent in
the middle of my travels so i couldn't
help
but take a look i didn't realize it was
your house i'm really sorry
no don't worry about it so then are you
also a traveler yep believe it or not
i'm an adventurer wait
you said also so you too yeah i'm also
traveling with my big sister
wow then we're travel buddies you're
right um my name's ferris
first i'm tiana you can call me tia
tia nice to meet you tia yup hey is it
true that you can make anything with
alchemy
i'm so interested i'd love to see come
on please
maybe not anything but if you want to
see it that badly i'll show you
hey thanks oh wait oh no oh no i totally
forgot what what's the matter
i forgot i was in the middle of delivery
sorry fears see you later
[Music]
she left tia huh what an energetic girl
okay
all right we can make red red wheat
bread i should check to see
how many of those that guy needs for
that quest
[Music]
[Applause]
that's which quests bring him
red red it doesn't say how many so i
guess just one
all right now let's go to battle
equipment
okay so it gets one with a better
okay oh she can do
two interesting
[Music]
i wonder
[Applause]
interesting it's a bow and knife huh
[Music]
let's change her out for this increases
attack and defense and hp
and everything is better okay
[Applause]
so let's make that red
bread beef bread there it is need honey
and two wheat flours okay
i wonder if i should have that okay good
it does
do wheat flour now this will make one
i know that only four okay
hmm no it won't
quite get up there so i'll just use the
cheap ones
in fact i'm not even sure i can
get it to yeah we'll just use these
[Music]
that's okay that's all i needed is okay
did help with the alchemy level quite a
bit
two of those honey
i'm not gonna be able to do a whole lot
with the honey i hope so um
we did high concentration and strange
taste okay
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah is this okay
one one off from the next october well
we'll get it with this
good thing i picked up some water though
uh puny fluid acts as water
good to know
actually let's see
okay yeah we're good i'll just do that
one
okay let's start material set
[Music]
[Applause]
fluffy aromatic
[Music]
so let's go give that guy some red wheat
bread
[Music]
uh we can make can we make oh no that's
not quite everything was level nine
he had a pickaxe i need more wood
a suspicious liquid for that
[Music]
neutralizer okay all right let's go
ahead and turn that uh quest in while
we're thinking of it here
[Music]
if he's there oh yeah it looks like he
is sorry it took like a day to get you
your food
let me uh grab these
[Music]
i hope you do you need three of them
okay fine
got more recipe hint stuff
[Music]
grab these
oh yeah we needed honey which was over
from these things i think in that tree
[Music]
boy you're just coming up with all sorts
of ideas aren't you ferris
came up with another new recipe
[Music]
all right
grab this
and make a couple more of those breads
i'll try making the new item well we'll
try making those in a minute
uh we need to make
[Music]
it only needed one honey but we need to
make more wheat flour
[Music]
all right so we got more wheat flour now
let's make
that uh cookie no not cookie bread
what material should i use these are all
the same
okay
[Music]
material set material
over there so it doesn't overwrite stuff
all right and one more and we might even
make a level out of it
[Music]
okay
and no two away from level
um
anything i haven't made yet i need wood
for that pickaxe
i'm gonna need this for something i'm
sure go ahead and make it
needs three sweet shoots well i'm sure
we'll get more eventually
[Music]
now these are
there so we want things that are
vertical
[Music]
anything that's vertical in a three
no just a two i don't know if we can
do anything with that
i'll give it a try
all right it's going well
material set is this okay
[Music]
got another alchemy level what did we
have that was level 10
is this um
what material let's go ahead and make it
[Music]
i don't think it really matters what we
pick
okay let's here boy that's interesting
[Music]
well that won't fit anywhere
yeah yeah we're not gonna get that
[Music]
i wonder can we get the other one no
probably not
[Music]
no i'm not going to be able to get any
of the uh thingies oh well
[Music]
not that it matters for request signing
probably
oh is that the key that strange man ask
you to fix
yeah it's the key that strange man gave
me
[Music]
who are you calling a strange man oh
the strange man why are you
i figured the key might be repaired by
now but more importantly stop calling me
a strange man
my name is revvy burger rebbie or burger
call me whichever you'd like
then review my name is ferris
and i'm lyanna nice to meet you ravi
yes so how's the key coming along
this is what i have so far i was able to
fix the broken part but i can't get the
rest off no matter what
no that's fine you have my thanks but to
be able to fix this
you're quite a talented alchemist it
seems how about it might be interested
in a collaboration
a collaboration yes
i have a certain goal you see and i
believe your alchemy can help me achieve
that goal
i'd like to borrow your powers of
alchemy from now on too in exchange i'll
protect you what do you say
my blade is sharp i can put a stop to
any monster you meet
wow you're really strong huh it might be
reassuring to travel with someone like
you
think about it and let me know anytime
it's fine with me yes thank you i'll let
you know rivie
very well um how about
yes you don't know revvy you're gonna
talk to review to add a remover from the
party
how about uh
[Music]
is he back here where is he
i'd like to uh add him to my party
please
did i see something pop up there i
thought i saw something pop up in the
corner
all right um we're a full
let's see if we can turn in the uh
give that guy some bread now i'd like to
know where revi is
certainly would not mind another party
member
[Music]
i'm starving
let's see
[Music]
okay we'll give you the one that's hard
to digest
and keep one of the better ones for
myself is that okay
oh hey red wheat bread would you let me
have some thanks to you i won't starve
to death
quite literally a lifesaver as promised
i'll teach you how to make hay
use it when you have cows of your own
wait you say that day i'll never come
we have hay but man i guess i learned a
little huh
yes you do all right let's grab one more
of those
and uh wow we've been going for like 40
minutes here we have got to a new area
we've got some more alchemy levels met a
new person
so we did i think we got a lot more done
this episode than the previous one
uh where is i'd like to know where that
guy is
i wonder if we look here if it shows
where he is
i'm looking to see if i see a uh
face icon anywhere there aside from mine
and i don't
so yeah can you like show up again
revvy and join my party please because i
certainly would not mind having someone
else
um
is that no that's the merchant all right
well for right now
let's just save the game take a break
here
leah what are you thinking about hmm
well we have more travel companions now
right i was trying to think of efficient
battle formations
other than fears can be arranged for
battle on the formation screen to open
the formation screen up in the main menu
then select formation to change
formation first select the position you
wish to use
a screen like this will display and
select the character you wish to place
characters further in the front are more
likely to be attacked by the enemy
think about the strengths of the allies
when setting up a formation
okay if you really think it through you
should make battle
it should make battles easier you should
remember that too ferris
right i can make a new window now
okay but for right now we're gonna take
a break i hope you're enjoying
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to atlear ferris my name is
carsten
let's uh let's see we're at 98 lp
so
let's let's do a bit more work outside
before we do more
alchemy let's try
this way grab something here
[Music]
you can't eat this even if you're hungry
this is fuel it's useful for traveling
and for synthesis
all right
that's cold huh what's this oh
it's your first time getting rained on
directly i guess fierce this is rain
rain so this is rain i'm soaked
i'm getting so excited how cute just be
careful about your footing rain makes
things
slippery as you explore the field the
weather can change
you can trick the current weather here
weather like sun or clouds don't have
any effect
but bad weather like storms or fog have
bad effects on exploration
the weather changes more often in some
places than others and some have special
types of weather
pay particular attention to weather and
areas you've never visited before
for a detailed explanation about weather
check help under the encyclopedia
huh it stopped raining seems like it was
a passing rain
don't look so disappointed it'll rain
again really then i wanted rain to think
i want it to rain again soon i don't
really want it to rain that much but
seeing how much she enjoys it i can't
say that to her
came up with a new recipe what did i
come up with
what does it show in here
a few more poonies
[Music]
okay so we've got some type of bag thing
that sounds useful
we'll have to check that out next time
we get to
the campfire yes it does now can we find
some wood
to make the um pickaxe
towering boulder okay i found some more
we got some new thingies here
[Music]
grab some of these see some more plants
down there
[Music]
grab some of this wheat useful for
various things
[Music]
nothing we're exploring
i suppose i should fight another poonie
gradually work on that
we can toy around with them
[Music]
transfers that we got
no i don't know when she uses that sword
let's see and what's over here
[Music]
what's that thing i see a thing on the
ground it's
probably just another yeah it looks like
another plant thing
more colored flowers i do want to head
in the general direction of east right
yeah so we want to head east ish
[Music]
this road looks like it goes east ish
i'll take this
[Music]
i see a settlement that looks promising
let's grab one of these
macon or machine
that's the town coming up here i guess
is it this one or
i don't know there's cows down there i
have to head south at some point too
what's down here nothing yet
man that water is blue
i don't want to fight a ghost right now
oh well how convenient it's daytime
the fruit here looks still
[Music]
wow this place is so idelic yes this is
mentioned
the village thrives on livestock and
farming really oh there's a weird
building over there
ah that's a windmill it uses the power
of the wind to mill flower and draw
water
is that so it turns with the wind how
interesting
so ferris with a village this size i
wouldn't be surprised if a licensed
alchemist lived here
of course there's no absolute guarantee
but well how about we look for one
yeah okay let's gather information
that girl could she be from this village
hmm um do you live here something i
wanted to ask you
how rude do i look like i'm a villager
with this outfit
oh i'm sorry i i'll let it slide so what
did you want to ask me
oh well i wanted to know if an alchemist
lives here
alchemist hmm you're looking for an
alchemist
well then you're in luck i happen to be
an alchemist a top level one at that
top level alchemist that's amazing and
you look to be about my age too
i know right feel free to be impressed
well then i have a favor to ask you
would you write a letter of
recommendation for me huh
actually i'm an alchemist myself i'm
traveling to take the license exam
[Music]
please if you really are a top level
alchemist would you write my little
sister
letter of recommendation oh well that's
um i'm sorry i can't write a letter of
recommendation yet
let's say i'm on my way to take the
licensing on myself
huh even though you're a top level
alchemist
that that's right i'm top level but i
haven't passed the exam yet
i see hey i said i'm sorry
to make up for it i'll fill you in on
something there is a licensed alchemist
living in this village i just got a
little bit of recommendation written for
myself
dion is his name he runs an atlea over
there him there if you want a
recommendation letter anyway i need to
get going
[Music]
um about the letter of recommendation
i'm really sorry i'll see you around bye
that was one strange girl she didn't
seem like a bad kid though
well for the time being i guess we'll go
visit the atlea she told us
see in the outlier games no one can be
really mean
[Music]
let's go to the atlear the licensed
alchemist named dion living in matin
all right and that would be this
direction i guess
that's private house let's look inside
because we can
[Music]
yes
yes there are barrels here too amazing
wow now we get a barrel trophy
let's uh see if we can find this guy
[Music]
and see what he needs us to do in the
morning
no we're questing bright and early in
the morning
is it this yes the unsightly are
everybody's going to make us do stuff
all right that's all for the parts the
shape looks a little distorted but it's
probably fine
all right now don't forget the tools oh
maybe it's safer to break screw
excuse me whoa
you surprised me could you be a customer
but sorry i have to go and fix a
windmill right now
sorry but if you have any business
please come back later see ya
and he's gone what are you gonna do he
said he was heading out to fix a
windmill
hmm waiting here is pointless anyway i
guess we should go to the windmill and
see how he's doing
i bet he's going to make us help fix the
windmill
anything we can look at around here
probably not
[Music]
such nice wind the windmill's spinning
too
now which windmill is it
probably not that one
[Music]
hello
travelers gathering ins and taverns you
might even find travel companions there
okay i'll have to keep that in mind
that one's nothing
[Music]
this person over there oh i see a blue
thing over there
actually i wonder
[Music]
ah it's back that way
yay for spoilery maps i want to see what
this
is uh that's a
merchant okay wow
[Music]
let's just go back it is that windmill
nighttime adventures just be careful
where you step
i see the people standing around there
good thing they stand around there 24
hours a day
[Music]
that should do it okay wait
you two are from earlier you came all
the way here come to think of it i
haven't introduced myself yet i'm dion
i work as an alchemist in this village
[Music]
i'm fierce i'm trying to take the
alchemy license exam my name is lyanna
i'm escorting fears
fiercelyanna okay pleased to meet you
and did you have some business with me
yeah you're a licensed alchemist right
dion if it's okay could you write me a
letter of recommendation
yeah i may be a licensed alchemist but i
just recently passed the exam myself
well no matter about the letter of
recommendation i would love to write one
for you but
i'll need to test your capabilities
first for form's sake
let me give you a few assignments dion
whoa what's going on everyone a monster
appeared near the village could you do
something about it
my cow ran away would you please go find
it my trees yielded so much fruit that i
can't keep up with the harvest i'm sorry
but please land a hand
huh all these tests at once i don't know
he seems to be very busy you might just
forget about your letter if you leave
things as they are
all right um dion i can help you with
some of your tasks
that would be a great help but is it
really all right yes of course
the work will get done faster if we
divide up the tasks anyway
i see thank you let's see i'll take on
getting rid of the monster
can i leave finding the cow and
harvesting the fruit to you yeah i'll do
it
good thanks for doing me this favor see
you
[Music]
all right let's start helping neon first
i need to ask for the details about
these problems
okay let's assist eon
well that's
[Music]
that's uh yeah wait
let's talk to the lady in front of the
house in the northeast
[Music]
and talk to the man in front of the
windmill okay
i do not see a man in front of this
windmill but let's go to
[Music]
let's just take a look
okay
is not a man in front of the windmill
[Music]
um
bring three rabbit fur okay so i need to
hunt some rabbits
but what i'm looking for now actually
let's see
oh my god he's only there during the day
well let's go to the house in the
northeast
[Laughter]
grab some things on the way i think i'll
have a flash of insight soon
okay ah
oh hello okay hey ferris are your
travels going well
i would love to uh have you
is it you
[Music]
you'll be helping with my work in dion's
place right thank goodness
it's a bounty for sure but so much fruit
is ripened all at once my harvesting can
hardly keep up
my orchard is just outside the village
please pick as much as you can
you can hand what you've harvested off
to me thanks again for doing this
yeah no problem i'll pick plenty for you
all right so we need to collect
10 nectar fruits and that is
uh just up there
that fence is kind of annoying
[Music]
can't go down that way guess we have to
go around
all the way around here
[Music]
back down here and now we need to find
the entrance because jumping a fence is
impossible
what do you want for lunch today
wow what is this
[Music]
whoa there really is a lot of fruit on
the trees eating one or two shouldn't
make a difference
ahem oh i was jokingly
i'll hold back and pick them all without
eating them
okay
yeah my lp is low but i should be able
to handle this
oh no we need to find the ones that
actually it's getting dark
have the uh sign next to them
i see
[Music]
shut the six
over here
that's nine
need to find one more of those trees
[Music]
hmm
all right so we've grabbed those
[Music]
oh there's the end let's move to there
and let's go talk to quest lady
actually let's real quick pop into the
[Music]
end
in the end huh i've never slept in an
inn before with science we have the
atlear
oh isn't it a fine once in a while the
beds are soft and the food is fancy
it costs money but you might find
unusual experiences waiting
you can pay money to stay the night and
inns and towns inside two courses the
regular course greatly restores lp
the suite can also cause special events
to activate okay do that when we have
money in time
a soft bed and fancy food okay then when
we're in town let's save it in the whole
time
that's no good no amount of money would
be enough make staying it is a rare
luxury
darn fine i got it
i was mainly looking to see
if there was anyone else here besides
generics and it doesn't look like it
[Music]
okay
look what rained into the map
interesting all right well let's go talk
to her
yes yes i was able to gather lots of
nectar fruit
oh you had so many why you were a great
help
take some for yourself it's your reward
my fruits are juicy and sweet
oh wow are you sure thank you so much
let's eat them later leah
i'm glad you like them thanks so much
for your help
all right so we got a bunch of those now
let's
jump over to there isn't anything right
on that side of town except
yeah so i'll just run i've got to go
around
here across the
bridge
and we should have that guy standing
around it's that guy right
no it's it is this guy yeah
thanks for filling in for dion young
lady what i need you to do is look for
my cow
there's a pasture near the village but
his defense broke and it ran off
please find it before monster does i
understand but
where could it have gone to if i knew
that it wouldn't be so worried
hold on my runaway cows that one sniffs
out the center hey right away
so if you spread hay about the scent
might lure it back but i'll leave it up
to you to decide young lady
okay well i need to
rest and restore some lp anyway
so let's make some hay and see what
other things we can make
first i came to see you again oh tia
hush oh let me guess are you ferris's
big sister
you're so pretty hi my name is tiana
please call me tia
i'm liana nice to meet you tia yeah nice
to meet you too
so fierce i came by today because i
wanted you to show me alchemy
remember i ended up not being able to
watch last time so oh that's right and
let's get started
okay i want to come this way sure i'm so
excited i can't wait
that was amazing just by stirring it on
item forms inside the cookies like magic
chick um fierce are you a withdrawal
no you're gonna eat me i'm not gonna eat
you i told you i'm an alchemist not a
witch
seriously tia sorry i get so excited
about alchemy i got carried away
but you're really amazing ferris making
things like that i'm so impressed
do you really think so but that
synthesis was an easy one and wasn't
that amazing
no that's not true i can never do
something like that thanks for showing
me first i had a lot of fun
that's great i'm glad yeah oh oh oh i
forgot i had a little
see you again ferris bye
bye i wonder what her reaction would be
if she met wilbel we can make a new item
now
spare backpack that sounds absurdly
useful
so uh
can i make that spirit not enough
materials i need leather
leather and cloth
[Music]
[Applause]
and i need to
and to make hay
and cloth let's make cloth and hay
what material should i use
hey i don't think it'll matter much
actually
[Music]
that one's higher quality but
um yeah we'll go ahead and do it
and let's see materials we'll use
that animal i'll just pick one of these
well we're not going to get the quality
but that's okay it's just hey
oh no this cloth hey is the next thing
we're going to make
i'm confused okay
now we'll make hay it just needs five
plant things
sure and two putty belts
okay let's start material set
material set
[Music]
let's see
hmm
[Music]
[Applause]
no we can't oh we might not be able to
do it
i was trying to see if we could get both
of them but i don't think we can
[Music]
because if we do
if we do that and
that
[Music]
actually if we do
i see so we can do that
[Music]
put that one there and that one there
not that it matters really we're making
hay for the cow
it's just i like to do those puzzle
things for it
okay
hmm you need to make another bag
[Music]
is
all right here we go
[Music]
and if we make one more unibag we should
be able to level up the bag
not that i really need to but
[Music]
i still need wood
i don't think i have anything that
counts as wood do i
it's kind of big all right
well let's see we're at 70 lp
though we've been going for just over a
half an hour so we will look for the cow
next time
uh i hope you are enjoying we've got a
lot more plot done we've got our first
tasks to get our first letter of
recommendation
we should have plenty of time left if
things keep going at this rate hahaha
but i hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out your
fears my name is karsten
so we needed to go look for a bore we
are only at 70 lp
might want to do a bit more
let's make another unibag i think
[Applause]
let's see
i think that's about what we want to do
here
let's see we haven't made any of this
yet
let's make some of this is that all
paper basically
[Music]
well just flowers and
oh this count as water
speaking of which i need more water
[Music]
is this okay okay let's start
now do i have anything that'll fit um
[Music]
let's see i wasn't really paying too
much attention to uh
how things might fit here so we might
not be able to
get a good i might not be able to get it
too
[Music]
well maybe we can let's see
no not without flipping stuff i think
no we won't be able to i think oh well
i'll put this here
[Music]
that's okay for right now we're just
making it to make it for the moment
oh we get tanning fluid experience
and i will go ahead and make another
mini bag
[Music]
[Applause]
i wasn't really paying attention to how
those fit um
[Music]
that's okay it doesn't matter i don't
want to spend too much time on that
now we can do horizontal flips we get
one more use out of foodie bags
and we're at 94 lp okay let's look for
the cow
[Music]
the fruit here looks delicious maybe
i'll ask to have a taste
let's see hmm
[Music]
it doesn't really say where to go so
let's look in the quest book
[Music]
try placing a in on the pasture
okay so where is the pasture
is it over there
[Music]
let's see if it lets me place hay there
if this is the pasture
[Music]
well get some flowers out of it not sure
where exactly if this is considered
pasture or
[Music]
maybe i need to explore a bit more maybe
it's outside the east of town
no south south and then west i see
[Music]
it's a little cow symbol there okay
looks like it's
maybe over this way is that okay that's
the pasture
now we just need to find a way in wait
can i jump oh i can jump
duh
now where there we go look for the big
glowy thing
keep forgetting i can jump
all right hey
all right i'll spread it here and
[Music]
yes we did it the cow came back leah it
really is a gluttonous cow
well that's one problem solved yeah it
is we should go report it right away
all right those are some
that must be a sheep but still the cows
look pretty weird